Add Batch Minting (#1519)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/tutorials/quickstart/batch-minting.md

## Usage

You can download the [Quickstart Samples](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal/tree/master/content/_code-samples/quickstart/js/quickstart.zip) archive to try the sample in your own browser.

## Get an Account

1. Open `7.batch-minting.html` in a browser.
2. Get a test account.
    1. If you want to use an existing NFT-Devnet account seed:
        1. Paste the account seed in the **Seed** field.
        2. Click **Get Account from Seed**.
    2. If you do not want to use an existing NFT-Devnet account seed, click **Get New Standby Account**.

**Note:** Running this command throws an error in the JavaScript console because the `getAccountsFromSeeds` function in `ripplex1-send-xrp.js` looks for the operational seed field, which is not included in this form. You can ignore the error (or fix it in your own implementation).

## Batch Mint NFTokens

This example lets you mint multiple NFTokens for a single unique item. The NFToken might represent "prints" of an original artwork, tickets to an event, or another limited set of unique items. 

To batch mint a non-fungible token objects:

> 1. Set the **Flags** field. For testing purposes, we recommend setting the value to _8_. This sets the _tsTransferable_ flag, meaning that the NFToken object can be transferred to another account. Otherwise, the NFToken object can only be transferred back to the issuing account. See [NFToken Mint](https://xrpl.org/nftokenmint.html#:~:text=Example%20NFTokenMint%20JSON-,NFTokenMint%20Fields,-NFTokenMint%20Flags) for information about all of the available flags for minting NFTokens.

Reviewer: Use a relative link here rather than a fully-qualified URL so that it doesn't get marked as an "external" link. Also, that `#:~:text=...` anchor doesn't seem to do anything, so I removed it.

```suggestion
1. Set the **Flags** field. For testing purposes, we recommend setting the value to _8_. This sets the _tsTransferable_ flag, meaning that the NFToken object can be transferred to another account. Otherwise, the NFToken object can only be transferred back to the issuing account. See [NFTokenMint](nftokenmint.html) for information about all of the available flags for minting NFTokens.
```

	document.getElementById('standbyBalanceField').value = 
		(await client.getXrpBalance(standby_wallet.address))
```

Disconnect from the XRP Ledger.

```javascript
 client.disconnect()	
} 
```

## Get Batch NFTokens

This version of `getTokens()` allows for a larger set of NFTokens by watching for a `marker` at the end of each batch of NFTokens.

```javascript
async function getBatchNFTokens() {
```

Connect to the XRPLedger and get the account wallet.

```javascript
  const standby_wallet = xrpl.Wallet.fromSeed(standbySeedField.value)
  let net = getNet()
  const client = new xrpl.Client(net)
  results = 'Connecting to ' + net + '...'
  document.getElementById('standbyResultField').value = results
  await client.connect()
  results += '\nConnected. Getting NFTokens...'
  document.getElementById('standbyResultField').value = results
```

Request the `account_nfts`. Set the `limit` to 400, the maximum amount, to retrieve up to 400 records in one batch.

```javascript
  results += "\n\nNFTs:\n"
  let nfts = await client.request({
    method: "account_nfts",
    account: standby_wallet.classicAddress,
    limit: 400
  })
  results += JSON.stringify(nfts,null,2)
```

> If the list of NFTokens exceeds your limit, the result will include a `marker` field that you can use as a parameter for the next `account_nfts` request. The `marker` indicates where the next batch of records starts. While the `marker` field is not null, continue to request another batch of NFToken records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the list of `NFTokens` exceeds your limit, the result includes a `marker` field that you can use as a parameter for the next `account_nfts` request. The `marker` indicates where the next batch of records starts. While the `marker` field is present, continue to request another batch of NFToken records.
```

```javascript

>   while (nfts.result.marker != null)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  while (nfts.result.marker)
```

The expression as written misleadingly implies that the API returns the actual JSON value `null` in the marker field when there are no additional pages. I don't think this is the case. If it's like any of the other methods, the API omits the `nfts.results.marker` field entirely when there are no additional pages. I suspect that the code as written only works (if it even does!) because JavaScript implicitly converts the value `undefined` to something that it considers equivalent to `null` in this operation.

But I don't have an account with 401+ NFTs on hand to test with, so I'm not sure.

		(await client.getXrpBalance(standby_wallet.address))
	document.getElementById('standbyResultField').value = results
```

Disconnect from the XRP Ledger.

```javascript
  client.disconnect()
} // End of batchMint()
```

## 7.batch-minting.html

For this form:
* The unnecessary script references are removed. 
* The unused fields and buttons are removed.
* The `standbyResultField` capacity is set to the maximum value, 524288.

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <title>Token Test Harness</title>
    <link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Work Sans' rel='stylesheet'>
    <style>
       body{font-family: "Work Sans", sans-serif;padding: 20px;background: #fafafa;}
       h1{font-weight: bold;}
       input, button {padding: 6px;margin-bottom: 8px;}
       button{font-weight: bold;font-family: "Work Sans", sans-serif;}
       td{vertical-align: middle;}
    </style>
    <script src='https://unpkg.com/xrpl@2.2.3'></script>
    <script src='ripplex1-send-xrp.js'></script>
    <script src='ripplex3-mint-nfts.js'></script>
    <script src='ripplex7-batch-minting.js'></script>
    <script>
      if (typeof module !== "undefined") {
        const xrpl = require('xrpl')
      }
     

>     </script>

Reviewer: I think this can be omitted entirely for this example code.

The `.js` files I use as examples in some other places do this sort of thing so that they can either be included in an HTML page, or run directly with Node.js; it doesn't make sense to include this code inline in an HTML file.

Author: Will catch this next time around.
